add FAQ and Troubleshooting document (#1591)
vdaas/vald: docs/support/faq.md

# FAQ

## Does Vald handle multi-embedding vectors?

Unfortunately, current Vald cannot handle multi embedding spaces with a single Vald cluster directly.
For handling the multi-embedding vectors in Vald, you have to do from 2 options.

1. Deploy multiple Vald cluster
1. Covert vectors in the same space, e.g., padding category label to the vectors.

## Vald Agent NGT crashed at the insert process.

Let’s check your container limit of memory at first.
Vald Agent requires memory for keeping indexing on memory.

## Vald Agent NGT crashed when initContainer.

Vald Agent NGT requires AVX2 processor for running.
Please check your CPU information.

## Is there any support for bulk insert?

Vald provides `MultiInsert` and `StreamInsert` for bulk insert.
Please refer to [the API documentation](../api/insert.md) for more detail.

## What are the pluggable options?

Vald has 3 pluggable options:

1. Backup with the external storage for Vald Agent
   - You can connect the external storage like S3, or GCS, or etc. to Vald Agent Sidecar component for backup.
1. Algorithm of the core engine for Vald Agent
   - We're going to add another algorithm in near future.
1. Filtering with filter gateway

>    - you can filter the search results by own defined filter component by connecting to the filter gateway before returning the search result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - you can filter the search results by own defined egress filter component by connecting to the filter gateway before returning the search result
```

## What is the ingress filter?

Ingress filter is the user-defined component that connects to the `vald-filter-gateway` component.
It is used for converting object data (e.g. image binary, text, etc.) to the vector using your ML models as pre-process of each request.

## What is the egress filter?

Egress filter is the user-defined component that connects to the vald-filter-gateway component.
It is used for filtering search results, e.g. when you’d like to get a white T-shirts list, use it for removing other colors T-shirts from search results which are created by the vald-lb-gateway component.

## How to backup index data?

There are 3 ways for backup:

1. Using external storage (S3, GCS)
1. Using Persistent Volume
1. Using the external storage and Persistent Volume

Please refer to the sample configuration.

## How to run Vald cluster?

We recommend using helm for running Vald cluster.
You can run by following steps.

1. Install helm(v3~) and prepare Kubernetes cluster
1. Configure helm charts as your demand
1. Deploy by helm command

> ## Is Vald Index Manager recommended using?

Author: ```suggestion
## Recommended using Vald Index Manager?
```

> ## Is Vald Index Manager a necessary component?

Author: ```suggestion
## Is Vald Index Manager recommended using?
```

# FAQ

This page answers the common questions.

Please refer to [the troubleshooting page](../user-guides/troubleshooting.md) when you encounter operation problems.

## Component

### What is the ingress filter?

The ingress filter is the user-defined component that connects to the `vald-filter-gateway` component.
For example, you can convert object data (e.g., image binary, text, etc.) to the vector using your ML models as pre-process of each request.

### What is the egress filter?

The egress filter is the user-defined component that connects to the vald-filter-gateway component.
You can use it for filtering search results, e.g., when you'd like to get a white T-shirt list, use it to remove other colors of T-shirts from search results that the vald-lb-gateway component returns.

### Is Vald Index Manager recommended using?

We recommend using it when you’d like to operate as a cluster.
It helps you to manage indexing timing for each Vald Agent.

## Custom options

### What are the pluggable options?

> Vald has three pluggable options:
> 
> 1. Backup with the external storage for Vald Agent
>    - You can connect the external storage like S3, or GCS, or etc. to Vald Agent Sidecar component for backup.
> 1. Algorithm of the core engine for Vald Agent
>    - We're going to add another algorithm in near future.
> 1. Filtering with filter gateway
>    - you can filter the search results by own defined filter component by connecting to the filter gateway before returning the search result
>    - you can convert object data to vector by own defined ingress filter component by connection to filter gateway before inserting
> 
> Vald has three pluggable options:
> 1. Backup with the external storage for Vald Agent
>     - You can connect the external storage like S3, GCS, etc., to the Vald Agent Sidecar component for backup.
> 1. Algorithm of the core engine for Vald Agent
>     - We're going to add another algorithm soon.
> 1. Filtering with the filter gateway
>     - You can filter the search results by your own defined filter component by connecting to the filter gateway before returning the search result
>     - You can convert object data to vector by own defined ingress filter component by connection to filter gateway before inserting

Reviewer: I think it looks almost same content.
```suggestion
Vald has three pluggable options:

1. Backup with the external storage for Vald Agent
   - You can connect the external storage like S3, or GCS, or etc. to Vald Agent Sidecar component for backup.
1. Algorithm of the core engine for Vald Agent
   - We're going to add another algorithm in near future.
1. Filtering with filter gateway
   - you can filter the search results by own defined filter component by connecting to the filter gateway before returning the search result
   - you can convert object data to vector by own defined ingress filter component by connection to filter gateway before inserting
```

> 

Reviewer 2: is it duplicated?

## Deployment

> ### How to run the Vald cluster?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to deploy the Vald cluster?
```

> We recommend using helm for running the Vald cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend using helm to run and manage the Vald cluster.
```

> You can run by following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can deploy Vald cluster by following steps.
```

1. Install helm(v3~) and prepare Kubernetes cluster
1. Configure helm charts as your demand
1. Deploy by helm command

## API

> ### Is there any support for bulk insert?

Reviewer 2: We also provide other bulk operation (search, insert, update, etc.), I suggest to write it here.
```suggestion
### Is there any support for bulk operation?
```

Author: @kevindiu 
umm...It is based on the user's question.

Vald provides `MultiInsert` and `StreamInsert` for bulk insert.
Please refer to [the API documentation](../api/insert.md) for more detail.

## Data

### Can Vald handle multi-embedding vectors?

Unfortunately, the current Vald cannot directly handle multi embedding spaces with a single Vald cluster.
For handling the multi-embedding vectors in Vald, you have to do from 2 options.

1. Deploy multiple Vald cluster
1. Covert vector to new vector in the specific space by some methods

### How to backup index data?

> There are three for backup:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are three backup methods supported by Vald:
```

Author: In this term, I think `supported by Vald` is redundancy.

Author: ```suggestion
There are three for backup ways:
```
